In the day's other news:
The city of Hamburg,
Germany, braced for mass
demonstrations, involving
up to 100,000 people,
at this weekend's summit
of the leaders of 20 top
industrialized nations.
Last night, police used water
cannons to disperse crowds.
Today saw hundreds of
people dressed as zombies
staging a peaceful march.
Tomorrow, activists plan what
they call a Welcome to Hell
March to greet President Trump
and the leaders of
Russia, China and Turkey.
Mr. Trump arrived in Warsaw,
Poland, this evening to
begin his European trip.
Tomorrow, he will hold talks
with his Polish counterpart,
before delivering a speech in
Warsaw Square.
Poland hosts several
thousand U.S. troops as
part of its NATO defenses.
An American soldier has
been killed in Afghanistan.
The Pentagon says Private 1st
Class Hansen Kirkpatrick of
Wasilla, Alaska, died in a
mortar attack on Monday.
It happened in Helmand
Province in the south.
Two other soldiers were wounded.
Seven U.S. troops have been
killed in Afghanistan this year.
In Syria, artillery and
airstrikes pounded away
today at Raqqa, the
Islamic State's self-styled
capital.
Kurdish-led militia fighters
backed by U.S. coalition planes
are steadily advancing into
the city.
John Ray of Independent
Television News is there,
and filed this report.
JOHN RAY: Into the
city of Jihadi John and
countless barbarities,
a road stretching back
to terror in London,
Manchester, and beyond.
It lies in ruins now.
We pass the body of an
ISIS fighter, his caliphate
decomposing with him.
Beyond the sand barrier is the
wall of ancient Medina that
has now fallen to the Kurds.
We have obtained exclusive
pictures from a drone above
this urban battlefield.
They show the devastating
power of the West's
warplanes and missiles.
The so-called Islamic State
is being wiped off the map.
The route to the front line
involves a sprint across sniper
alley, and careful steps over
rubble that often
conceals mines.
We are close enough
to hear ISIS radio.
"Now is time for jihad,"
a commander urges his
beleaguered forces.
The Kurds are claiming
this is a great victory.
They have taken the Old City
walls after a months-long
blood-soaked slog through the
streets of Raqqa.
But ahead of them now,
heavily armed ISIS
fighters, booby-trapped
buildings and suicide
bombers.
These soldiers took up arms
against ISIS from the start.
They believe they are
moving in for the kill.
RASHO, Kurdish Fighter: I want
a free Raqqa for my family,
for everyone in here, for every
family in Syria.
JOHN RAY: Is ISIS
finished in Raqqa now?
RASHO: Yes.
It's finished.
JOHN RAY: Inside the Old
City, perhaps 100,000
civilians are trapped,
caught between airstrikes
and 4,000 ISIS fighters.
Those who can't escape run.
Home is this makeshift
camp in the desert.
"We have left hell
behind," they tell us.
But in one corner, separated
from the rest, the brides
and children of is.
Their husbands or fathers
are dead or in jail.
Here, ISIS might measure its
future in weeks or months,
but its days are numbered.
JUDY WOODRUFF: That was John Ray
of Independent Television News.
A gunfight between two armed
gangs in Northern Mexico left
at least 14 people dead early
today.
It happened in Chihuahua State,
when members of rival drug
cartels got into a shoot-out.
Drug violence has pushed
homicides in Mexico to their
highest point in 20 years.
Pro-government militias in
Venezuela attacked opposition
lawmakers today with sticks and
metal bars.
They stormed into the
congress, in plain sight
of security forces.
Four lawmakers were injured,
and at least one had to
be taken to a hospital.
It was the latest incident
in Venezuela's growing
political violence.
The killing of a police
officer in New York City drew
widespread condemnation today.
An ex-convict who ranted about
police online shot Miosotis
Familia at close range in her
mobile command post in
the Bronx last night.
He was killed moments
later by other officers.
In a statement today, U.S.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions
cited a string of attacks on
police in recent years.
He said -- quote -- "These
killings must stop."
In economic news, the
European Union and Japan
reached an agreement in
principle on a far-reaching
free trade deal.
Their leaders plan to endorse
it at a summit tomorrow.
And on Wall Street, the Dow
Jones industrial average lost
a point to close at 21478.
The Nasdaq rose 40 points,
and the S&P 500 added three.